replace this be shields database fury
she was spy secret what he does
ask questions we don't want answers to
just enjoy
yeah
my bad
montage what's wrong why he came here
I know I ate some of them like just did
you see this I'm so hungry
it rolls into the jungle hold on to your
helmets damn but it's like has your name
the nervous type
what are you so freaked out about
where's the ball back there
I'm fiending I didn't see him in there
kid what are you doing on a deserted
island lady you and your family working
they're getting me bad for this kid
what's your spidey sense tingling meet a
creepy kid definitely teen I think we're
gonna pass this dare that is getting
creepier by the second oh no this one
has me beat
hey now I'm home now you can't even help
us little boy alone in the jungle
Ava that can't looks like half of every
set of freaky twins of every scary movie
I ever saw in my life do you have to be
the heroes I'll get my helmet
ignore them they got way too much Sun
Marty Sandy's brother call me Flint any
friend of sins is a friend of mine
thanks for playing with it we get lonely
just the two of us ever thought of
moving to others people is that what
they're wearing on the mainland these
days cool
we're a little out of touch out here a
little well now that we know you're here
that means Sandy's okay so we're just
gonna get going no you can't do that
sandy always loved playing games look
cleaning loved I'll give you a hint he's
probably up in the old ruins
friends you're supposed to plan with me
hold on now we're still friends we just
try to figure out
did you just do
told you so
did I tell you do you want to listen I
need a vacation from my vacation
inside normal universe on Disney XD